# Covid_Data_Analysis
# Abstract:
The objective of this project is to classify the Covid impact level based on the cases that are registered and the variety of tests that have been performed on the individuals from two different data sets given for the project.

I performed ground research on the various facts involved about Covid dataset online and their impacts, how people are analysing the various features involved in it to provide a better solution. Post that I went through all the data sets provided and analysed the data and their corresponding columns headings given and took out two relevant data sets which could go with my objective stated. Upon selecting the data set I just exploratory data analysis like what kind of variables involved in it and performed some statistical analysis on the datasets. I combined two datasets and created a new data frame which contains my required variables for the analysis. Performed data cleaning process by replacing the null values with mean of the specified columns. Classified the levels of the impact based on the PRate value in the given dataset as COVIDImpactLevel which will act as my target or response variable for the dataset. Visualised how the distribution across each variables and checked the correlation among the variables using correlation plot. Separated train and test data for the analysis. Used different models to predict the COVIDImpactLevel and checked the accuracy and mean square error to find which models predicts better and tabulated the results. Plotted the corresponding results in the form of graphs.
